how's it going family welcome one more day
to the Channel to see important very important
Okay Iker Jimenez has been forced to
come forward and come out to clarify a
series of issues because It turns out to be a
surprise what's up no surprise excuse the
irony I don't understand I understand that you
caught me no because there's someone here That's not
Villa no and it turns out that
some media outlets that think contrary
to him let's leave it like this for whatever reason they
want to blame him they want to blame him for
all the hoaxes or the
news that well that were rumored and
such And that in the end fortunately they have
n't been true not like like the
fact that underneath in the garage in
the Bonaire parking lot well there weren't that
many victims It's not that there weren't
any and it was speculated and it was expected
that there would be a lot no and in the end there aren't any so
now it turns out Well now it turns out
that eh They want to blame it all on
Iker Jimenez to Ángel Gaitán to Rubén
jber and it turns out that no that we already saw
the other day in a video that I put up for you no and
in an excerpt that I put up here that  no,
the first to say it were the
sixth Ignacio Escolar in his
newspaper Spanish television
there there I left out some more,
okay, I'll be reading the
comments box as always, okay, give it
a good like, it's free so that the
video is positioned and above all, I know that
this issue causes a lot of indignation, I know that
Ike Jiménez has a lot of support and that you're
going to get very angry with many
things that they do to him but I ask you for a little
calm, okay, give your opinion,
express everything you want to say but
with respect please, let's listen to
Iker's response, health to
all, a coffee with Iker and have you read they are asking for
my head, yes, yes, they are asking for my head, the
amazing thing is that in our
competition group, I've
never seen that and of course I don't blame the
group itself, mind you, this is important, eh, I
think, please, look closely at this video and we're
going to do what
all the runners are not doing, all the
volunteers, all the Bots that try to
do their campaign and with me they take it. Of
course, because I'm not one of those who get
excited, eh, never. Even if the whole world were
against it.  if I believe in something I'm not
going to blackmail myself nor will they blackmail me, I do
n't know, I've apologized like a
real man because I believe that I was
wrong and that I may have hurt
some victims who at that moment with
my tweet could have felt more worried
but having said that if they go after me asking for
my head and they want to behead me here
this man is not going to stay still and watch out for what's
coming watch out for what's coming I'm
not saying more without any hard feelings eh That's why
I remove the group in Yes
where I have many friends as well as
important professionals is that you have to be very stupid
no I mean having made the same
mistake or I mean it's as if I
eh I have some news that
someone I trust gives me okay how can it
be imagine a policeman a journalist
I don't know what I comment on the news here with
you and Why do I think it's real they
are also saying it in other
media and when we find out that the
news finally in this case
Fortunately it is not real Well it's not
real or it's not what was
expected I start to charge and say that it
is  a hoax
from some channel that is against
me or that I want to put down or
discredit for whatever reason
when I have said the same thing Well of
course the other channel is going to catch me and
remove the clips where I have
done it is that you have to be very clumsy and very
stupid no For that I don't even understand
the reason for doing it because of course the
reason is to leave a bad like so that
Iker will never ever be useful no so that
Iker no longer has any value for his opinion because in the
end what they want just like with
Pablo Moto is to discredit him because Iker
gives voice to stories and to people that many
many people Well he is not interested in being
given them Boss No here when someone is
extremely progressive extremely
leftist and extremely socialist
communist and praises Venezuela
nothing happens there the media does not censor
okay There the media nothing at all if you are
super progressive They will give you a role in a
movie and main collaborator on
Spanish television but now if you
think differently There they censor you if you
position yourself politically it is that of course
we say many  sometimes it's not
right to talk about politics on an
entertainment channel on a gossip channel on
a channel because you have an audience
of all colors and then there may be
people who feel bad I've
received many messages in fact Well
not many but some from people
telling me very good your video very good your
video from the other day my video was This
okay my video was this one they were
referring to
in this video I hit them
half the video is for half the video is
against Carlos Mason and the other half the
video is against the central government Well
several people tell me on
md very good your
video until halfway when you've already
started with the other one you've already screwed up
because there are many people here who are of
another ideology and we can get offended touch yourself
Maribel I mean it's great that you were
hitting on maón but the moment you
hit me Pedro Sánchez with how handsome he
was that he didn't even get stained with mud the
creature no Oh no oh no eh those of us
who are on this side can get offended
and that's how it is with everything eh That's how it is With
everything I mean you can speak out and you can
have freedom of expression if you are very
extremely left-wing
but how do you
position yourself in favor of thoughts that are
considered right-wing that are
considered right-wing and I say that they are
considered because many times
the political promises of each
party are not even known and then they are
surprised that they give us lessons in
journalism what have often reached
the maximum abjection in this
medium
abjection paying for drugs in a
program record and record record the
mothers of the alcer crying
that the country it Pa it is that they are
always the same media the country in Valencia
we did not need more mud Iker Jiménez
a collaborator of his program Horizonte
launched hoaxes live about the
Bon aire parking lot neither Iker Jiménez
nor any of the panelists
asked or commented on anything accepting
the information of this Rubén
from the garage of death these
give us lessons I am surprised Mariola
cubel Mariola cubel for example in the
country the sacrosanct country It seems very
good to me great newspaper said she gave me a face
of an ass I have not really read it I have
read Diego marañón I have not but
she herself tells it is not necessary to go
further what she did  in alcasar By the
way, she has a wonderful book
called Look at Me, Idiot if I'm not
mistaken, which I read with great admiration
because it told of the Terrible ins and outs
of the television she has participated in, and it
honors her because she has asked for forgiveness and
apologies on occasion, but when
Iker Jiménez asks for them through a tweet, it
seems that that's not worth it today, right? From
the country, it seems that that's not worth it. Well, it's
okay, but the issue of doing these
things or the Arni case. Yes, then we have to
ask for forgiveness, of course, about the Arni case, where
on that program that team managed to
get drugs for two junkies so they would
talk, and then it became known that it was all
fraud. I want to tell you, dear Mariola,
that I think it's very good and that it's very
honest of you to ask for forgiveness, eh. And now you
must have another concept, and my forgiveness,
which obviously wasn't sincere, is not worth it,
but not everyone can give
lessons. You know why not everyone has
done what you and others
like you have done, that I can go one by one, and I'm not
going to do it one by one, what's the
problem?  people are seeing the
cardboard of this and that the good people on
the street, the people who communicate through
the networks, are perfectly aware of
what is happening and that you are
pointing at me in a way because I was already
annoying before and because it is not
exactly because of this issue, annoying before
because he feels in his program people who,
well, they do not want them to
speak, they do not want them to have a voice,
or to irritate a
communication group or several people a lot, that I reached
the place where it was not possible to reach, well,
what do you want me to do and that
has more and more influence And that is known,
okay, in a parking lot in
Valencia, the
city inado who did not say it gre, okay,
perfect, it is a perfect cemetery,
maximum concern for those trapped in
the Monaya parking lot, okay, and if you do me a
favor, look at the subtitles because I ca
n't see anything here, the Spanish government this week, the
Spanish government fears hundreds of dead
trapped in the Bon Aire shopping center
in the face of the tragedy that hits
Valencia, eh, [ __ ], I don't see anything, okay, but
hundreds of people took refuge in
the underground sections of the shopping center
before the passage of the Dana, I don't see anything, but
read it  it's very good so you can see the
atmosphere and who is not informed
devastation in the Bon Aire shopping center
and
especially the subtitles Antena 3 Look, many
went down to save their car in the
Bon
Aire parking lot. A neighbor from Aldaya saw many
people go down to an underground parking lot
that ended up completely
flooded so you can see that all the
media was talking about the situation I
want to tell you the situation that existed
regarding someone reporting on the
Bon Aire issue. I agree with La
Vanguardia. The worst nightmare could be a
reality. The shopping center parking lot
has capacity for thousands of spaces and
is completely flooded. Although in the
first expression it was very partial, no
victims have been found in that
parking lot, thank God it seems that there was
nobody there but a few days before the
same sources were informing us,
for example, here in the newspaper about the
1,900 reports of missing persons, which was
later lowered, but I'm putting this up
so you can see the
atmosphere. News has been deleted. Some
news. It's
okay. News has been deleted. Of course, let's see if you
realize that the bad thing is wanting to lie. You do
n't want to.  misinform to spread [ __ ]
but if you find out that a news story
isn't true and it sounds bad to you it sounds bad
Maria it sounds bad family How are you
How are you are you comfortable we are
here Chatting with family How are you let's
see what I can see is it looking good it
sounds
good the tickets Don't leave if you delete a
news story Look, there was one morning I was that I
posted a tweet because there was a
video of a convoy of
police cars arriving in the neighborhoods of
Valencia no and in the video you could hear
someone saying Look look look at the
cars look at the cars that have
come to
protect not from coltan not from the king
and from the president of course the video itself
said that I put some headlines No well
look at the cars they've sent for
this if there's money I don't know what And then
someone I believe it was racel who
contacted me and told me Javi Look Pin Pin Pin
that Ayuso has sent these cars And they
turned out to be cars from Madrid from the
local police of Madrid that Ayuso
had sent them that on Sunday
morning the same day that the king and
president were going to  visit paiporta no
Total that I deleted it I deleted it I
rectified it And that's what you have to
do It's okay I intended to
lie so as not to Well but these are times
of a lot of information of a lot of
nervousness it happens with everything it happens with everything
always and there is also a lot of
pollution because it is true that there are
people who do it on purpose I
mean understand me they were telling us the
same thing they were telling us all the
same thing Not just me and there is
deleted news perfect then we will see some
deleted news not like this one that is
much more embarrassing the atmosphere was it is
a cemetery okay What does this mean
colleagues Guillermo What does
this mean that there were different sources official officials
in what sense that
belonged to those who were working
there and I repeat it was a place that we
could not have access to as you know it was
denied and what we received was what
we received he cannot contract the
information but it only reached
Iker all these radio stars
who have dedicated programs to me all
these presenters Wyoming eh Wyoming
eh When he said we saw him around here the C of
Wyoming saying something like no that that
there are some out there that  They think they are
journalists and what they have to do is
marry
ghosts claiming with all their courage and
in public that I am the one behind the
parking hoax because I said that there were many
dead first they must have been wrong
no because I did not say that number of deaths
in Horizonte the Horizonte team at
Mediaset did not say anything about the number of
bodies but of vehicles here the great
Miguel Ángel Campos says what Sources
no official source confirmed
deaths in Buenaire at any time
did you feed a hoax because your scenario
is chaos Ah without ghosts or UFOs you
jumped into the mud do not call it
journalism just garbage what are left with
this I already I already on November 5th I give
apart from the video that I made and what I did
in Horizonte let's see how
the others have behaved I already say Hey I was
wrong I have the impression that
I was wrong thank God I have never
been so flattered but some like this
who is the same person who asks for my
head aer in the sexa and who asks dad government
government act government
please act act against this no you
face government act against this so that
Mediaset takes away his advertising they
know I'm going  cot look at the cowards as has
happened on many occasions well
H they ask others to act for
them what source Mr. Campos well
first you seen the headlines if
you are not very stupid which you surely are not you
realize that we were all
talking about it being a cemetery and more let's go
more Sources Come on for
example we are going to find someone jin
had to have gone to Valencia Yes yes yes
if you notice all those who criticize are
usually
people who are very clean but
no longer that are very clean because you for
situations maybe you have not been able to go
no I have considered on many
occasions during these 15 days to get
closer because I always like to be
in the news you know that I am very much of
uh of showing up wherever to record whatever
no but right now Well we have
a situation at home that is more difficult
for me to go out and in Not for nothing worth that is why I
am not in the sanctuary that
I really want to return Ah to the
sanctuary soon I want to go as soon as possible
from here to March otherwise
Lorena is studying in the morning and
then in the morning I am busy  I
take care of some things around the house Pick up the
kids from school Pick her up
too No then Chile and I say go to
go to Valencia now I'll do a little bit of a
deodorization for her here No but well we've
done what we could we've been
giving her a voice we have Yes also the issue of
bacteria right Chari that we
were talking about it that it was another another
inconvenience for me the issue of
bacteria no and that and that I have cron and I
am What do you say
immuno immunosuppressive it's called I mean I have
lower defenses than
and I was going to say a soccer team but
better no no but well eh but we
also did the collection that day no The
donation in the live of gref but what
we have what has been in our
hands not like the plural but
people who do nothing tend to criticize I say that
the plural is important because their
director to whom I send a hug is going to
be an advisor at RTVE the director do
you know who is the plural What was the
name of the plural this one who went to the
documentary about Rosito who had to
apologize also to avoid being
condemned like
for defaming Rafael Marcos  what was her
name what was her name remind me of the
name that in the documentary Rosito
spread such a hoax that the flipas that she
started saying that in Spain there was a
very small percentage of female judges
as opposed to male
judges no
no the director of the plural was Ana
Pardo Vera no Ana Pardo Vera that was the
name Ana Pardo de Vera
that one of course she's involved with with all
the gang programs this
Spanish television and she also said that to
fight against the
hoaxes of course many people tell me that thing
about the two IDs and all that Angélica
Rubio director is seo but yes then
Ana Pardo de Vera what
was Angélica
Rubio I don't know who Angélica Rubio is But
anyway let's see the plural very well
perfect les des no Ana Pardo de Vera
was from
publico. it's more or less similar eh the
same style it's that I always confuse
pico.es with with the
plural it's true it could be well I don't know
who Angélica Rubio is I don't know who that's the
best and I say this sincerely that I
have no objection but my friends if
you see  go for my head you don't have to
know that man that I'm not stupid either
Angélica Rubio new advisor of
rtve spread The hoax that the
combed judge had two IDs if in the end
that he is working he is wrong and more in
these things it is almost very it is very
unlikely that you are not wrong in anything
that I can be in love with UFOs
archaeology the mystery but I am
not very stupid and there is a difference that I
direct my program that nobody tells me what I have to
say or what I do not have to
say she says to come to rtve to
combat the hoaxes yes the hoaxes those that
seem like hoaxes And that I speak to my
face they understand me that unlike
the millionaire showmen with so many
properties and the very
funny comedians nobody writes to me what I
have to say And if someone is
able to
understand me without any kind of Gloria I will
tell them that that is the key to everything that I
am speaking with my heart in my hand
with my errors and my
virtues and here is the powerful news No
here man Isabel has given away a
member Thank you very much  Isabel How
beautiful you look Hey hey, well a lot of people
who have given away members today no And yet they
are always telling us that
we are finished in telesalseo that this
channel is sinking that the community
of giving us members that it is going down
we are here 21 people more than 2100
people I don't know how many people there are on
Twitter okay but we are here on
YouTube 2100 people and Hey from time to
time no from time to time some member
There will we reach 2000
members Lili what are you saying do you think
the telesalseo community can reach
2000 members or not how do you see it
Angélica is a collaborator of the
ferreras but look at this the authorities
in suspense before the devastating state of the
parking lot of the Bonaire shopping center in
Aldaya sources from the interior show their
concern for what
the flooding of the parking lot may hide which
also cites sources from the interior and I
want you to read it calmly This is the
news okay
eh it is for you to see but it is not to
blame the plural I am not going to
say that they remove  financing in the
plural I'm not going to call or insult or
call garbage in the plural and they put a
tweet from Captain of the Tercios just what I'm
going to tell you I can use 20
more media it's the atmosphere in which we
were all the authorities in suspense
before the devastating state of the parking lot
Sources inside show their
concern for what can hide
in we continue because you say well
This is not so bad come on we
continue the military
emergency unit I mean the ume that has
deployed diving teams in the place
has already found several bodies
inside the parking lot the number of
deceased is for now
incalculable
incalculable family and this says the plural
according to them affirmed by the
ume or rather it's that I was arguing with
David pareja on Twitter Why did he come not to
protest in my tweet and I told him clearly
he told me that the media on this
side were making a mistake okay making a
mistake they were not
confirming anything either that it was a possibility
you read this that I'm going to leave it on
screen for a moment so you can read you see
that they are referring to a
possibility or they are
confirming
in the concern for what happened the
Hume military emergency unit that
has deployed diving teams to the
scene has already found several bodies
inside the parking lot the number of
deaths is incalculable for now
imagine what this is
eh And above he cites sources from the interior they have
confirmed in the plural blah blah blah blah they
are talking about corpses we did not
go that far it is a cemetery
watch it is a
cemetery it is a
cemetery David pareja told me on
Twitter that it was not the same Diego
arrabal has spoken with a
good air security guard and he said that they do not want to
count the dead that there were the person
responsible there was not he does not talk about that
subject it is a little strange what what what they are
saying I mean even with the
official data from the authorities saying
that there were no bodies there are
still channels that are saying and media that
are still saying that yes there are
now let's see one now let's
see one no Diego in particular I did not know that one
but let's see one
Okay Mr. Campos the sources are
there in your environment friend who is not
Iker how strong that it is not the mud that
the sources you are saying it in your
in your environment The problem is that
maybe Mr. Campos you are so  I keep
asking my head that disturbs his thinking a little
and he doesn't realize that there is
Iker Jiménez discredited by the hoaxes
of horizonte about the Dana before it was
the pandemic or climate change the
four program assured that the
Bonaire parking lot is hell and
Iker Jiménez himself assured on his
networks that there were many bodies man But
how can they have this Morro in two days
in two days of man that's how they are eh that's how they are that's how they are that's it he doesn't give a
damn many
Sources And
then Elo very important and to whom I
wish the best and not that they remove the ad
but that they put more because I want
work for all my colleagues whether I get along
or not with them says
Jiménez discredited among other things
because he said that in Bonaire there
was cu the king of the hoax man I
hadn't read this Diego they already call me the king
of the hoax the king of the hoax because of the
Bonaire hoax come on let's put the
comparison that you know Diego let's
put it let's talk about sources and
journalism
from November take it you're already reading it
the plural talks about the corpses  of his
sources that
bodies have been found and you're seeing it and on the 5th he
washes his hands like Pilate and
accuses me of the hoax of having said that there were
bodies, they had said it before,
man, they are
shameless, but come on, like no other,
eh, they had said it before, kid
and that's it, there are people who trust these
media, eh, but simply because they
agree on ideology, that's it, they are
interested in the
lie, if you want, you remember it, you
send it, you send it because it is the story
of the sources, do you realize Mr. Campos,
go with the sources, it is the plural. Not
that I could never say my sources,
he talks about the ume and he talks about the
interior, I didn't have any about the interior, he had about
the
forensics and he had
Yes, of what comes out there from the ume like we
all had, Mr. Campos, write this down please.
Okay, when he asks me in a tweet
and calls me garbage and tells me who
the sources are, you can go look at this
screenshot, it is very clear, it is
very well understood, okay, man, let's go further, let's
go further
on November 2nd, I am
reading it, the plural speaks of the  corpses
from their sources that
corpses have been found and you're seeing it and on the 5th he
washes his hands like Pilate and
accuses me of the hoax of having said that there were
corpses this if you want you remember it you
send it This cli is the same one has
uploaded it twice the sixth the sixth the
sixth we're going for the
sixth friends of the sixth what were
you saying from the same door of the
park let's see what they're
doing right now after entering
to visualize and to see some corpses
is to write it down say and look on
November 5th wait for the court order to be
able to move them and start to take out a
whole little cut just to
see I'll hear it again
okay let's see what they're doing
right now after entering to
visualize and to see some corpses is
and to see some
corpses what nerve man what nerve what
nerve what nerve what nerve man write it down
say this is the same one who said that that is that I do
n't know from memory This I think
I put it in the video but I don't remember okay
This was the same one who said that the
parking lot had three floors no  and wait for
the court order to be able to move them and
start taking out everything.
It's just a little cut, eh. Not only was
the ume seeing the bodies, this
Mr. Bastida Bastida, but what was he
reporting that the bodies were there?
And how are you doing, crumb? A big kiss, I
send you 18 months, not only that,
but they had to be moved. Add this to the
rest of the media, it's a cemetery,
eh, it's a
death trap, but of course,
HM, don't they see their media library or what? I don't
understand, friends of the sixth, what were
you saying from the media? It doesn't make
any sense, kid, well,
pizote, fat pizote from Iker Jiménez, to
the media, what do you think, what did you think?